[Music]
hello friends, how are you? Are you okay?
Welcome to another video of the software channel
of the hour
In this video you will learn how to watch
tv in the engine and using the application
present in the place tour and also the
watch and download videos and series on
high definition on your smartphone to
channel only costs two clicks and
I liked it and the other sign up if you are not
Subscriber yes, let's go later on.
to watch tv motorcycle way between
place tour and download an app
called and prom play how you can
watching this app has a great
assessment of people who have installed and
used the same on their devices
initially you should add a
list of in-app channels for this
go to this option
soon after in add and type in stream emtu
tv and video url to tv
and to finish tap ok
now just choose a channel and watch
programming normally after closing the
ad could not get channel images
not to have copyright problems
but I took the test here in my way and vote
gave to watch quietly
Let's move on to the second subject.
of this video that is watch and download
movies and series in your
device to achieve this
feat
you must enable the installation of
applications from unknown sources and
download the application by connie time
on this site that is now appearing in
screen
this application which is an interface
modern movies are displayed in 720 or
1080p and feature subtitles import
that is when it is not voiced though
to watch them you need a good
have patience because the
charging takes a little while and your
internet is not top type my among
this site and download another version of
pop country time in this version the movies
present somewhat lower quality
in relation to the other
however here is the option to download the
for your smartphone
also remembering that it is possible to place
Portuguese subtitles when the film in
side lining to avoid unnecessary
I'm going to display more test movie images.
in his engine it worked perfectly
people for today, I just hope that you
Did you like to stay with God and even
our next video, bye